sighs
my first video I'm talking so loud
because I don't think you can hear my
voice overs but let's get it ready fast
with me so family me to Rio looking for
some hearing or work i jus am sick sing
it this is a game where you're a night
guard and you have to watch these
animatronics now there's like takes
games I have two of them just find out
to Freddie's one two three four and then
there's naf world finesse is short for
finance of Freddy's and and sister low
key
and there's an easter egg I want to
record a message for you the title in
your first I actually working at office
before Jean I'm finishing up my last
rule I don't know if it over well if
there's a hen tell you there's nothing
to worry about okay let's say first an
introductory everybody but I'm supposed
to be it's kind of amazing doing you
know run out of water break guys we're
so we serve on the floor a magical place
we're gonna load up to like know where
fantasy at five come two wives are bad
for entertainment is not responsible for
damage to property owners and we're the
finest govern the damage or death has
occurred I wasn't person report will be
filed with any games out of the intimacy
second girl in queens in future people
carpets a better place blah blah now
that might sound bad i know but there's
a lot to worry about to and well-being
which are critical to do a bad one p at
night football 14 I'm sale those same
stupid songs for 20 years I never got
off iPhone why of the ear / to also
remember these characters hold a special
place all right okay so just be aware
characters know
to wander a bit their servos locking up
and offered Aaron games we are the
Walker for my to howl defender was the
finest 87 but yeah I like you too baby
yoga my body to play go on now
concerning your safe you know notify bro
these carriers how many hours probably
very much and it actually worked the
most likely see you as a metal
endoskeleton without its costume no
success against your scalp you inside a
break bad person now that would be so
bad this is so fun with themes wired and
chronic devices especially on facial
area so you can imagine as forcefully
pressed inside Marcos become a bit of
discomfort and death the only parts
media would likely see the light of day
again repeat your eyeballs and teeth
Papa brother mask
yeah they don't tell you these things
that you sign up but a First Nations a
breeze of John T tomorrow check those
cameras remember to close the doors only
an absolutely necessary gotta conserve
power
Freddie and
there's also public
and the band
and what
something oh no Bonnie's gone
there oh I was worried
making dough down
you
scariest why am I not talking about whoa
world
and it's our
hope is very effective right
that might mess up my recorded
oh no where's mine
mom honey
Oh
she could not
okay walk
Thank You least won't let you
where is cheaper oh no boxty nacho
oh that's more chica was I check them
the office
oh no theres me I don't know if you can
see it because it's light for me but
when I seal this game on YouTube is like
dark I can't believe chica got me the
most stupidest one she caused the most
annoying because she likes stays there
for the longest time but not the whole
entire night because then that would be
cheating he's taking long one jump
I think the whole square that is the
bloody one was good fried he has to
awesome
foxy this it has no
like right like runs
and then Freddie's mechanic is you can
get you normally but you like height so
important ha ha
Cameron
okie that's in the key
oh also if you run out of power song I
forgot what's it called but it's not
like
my stop filling
I hear you sing in
I think that's instilled
if
no right
yes no vote
laughs
like
Torrio ready that your wife awards like
stuff
this stuff
and I guess a girl
so for your egg in this camera where you
can see Freddie taking off his head
she looks like the stuff
he looks like the guy from
like
Bart looks like
what 10 colors
of the bus safe
awesome
labor of love
oh there is no way
like literally
ok what
on it are you seeing it again
you're my friend right ready for sure
he said yeah and healthy
what do ye was that
I have to watch out for
Oh what
no Bonnie
boxy
may go watch some
Oh
now watch out work she sometimes she
just go back into a team
Oh protected from Chiba I won't
bonnie is like this carries
creator of the king
yes it canceled just going back
all right yeah
or you
body am
then what
also these are robots
Oh
stop stop
why don't you stop taking that
kels camera
put my camera
that is so tragic
don't recollect
oh my god I can't take any
but watch you guys and by